PD-549: SCALE CLI add interactive argument editor text UI content to main CLI index file. (#2052)
truenas/documentation: content/SCALE/SCALECLIReference/Account/CLIgroup.md

{{< /expand >}}
{{< /expand >}}

#### Create Configuration Properties

> `create` has seven available properties for group configuration. They are `gid`, `name`, `smb`, `sudo_commands`, `sudo_commands_nopasswd`, `allow_duplicate_gid`, and `users`.

Reviewer: Recommend adding "For more information on these properties see "Property Functions and Examples" section below.
Also recommend you mention here the number of required properties, as in
```suggestion
`create` has one required and six optional properties for group configuration. `name` is required. 
The optional properties are `gid`,  `smb`, `sudo_commands`, `sudo_commands_nopasswd`, `allow_duplicate_gid`, and `users`.
```

Property arguments use the `=` delimiter to separate the property and value. For example, `gid=3000`.

> See the table below for details.

Reviewer: Add the expected result of entering the simple command using required `name` property.

Author: That's in the section above, but it's just a blank line/new prompt unless the command fails.
